There's no shortcut to relationship security.
Never make promises you can't (or won't) keep, balance your priorities (don't be the idiot who thinks "equal priority" means "equal time".
Making time for one another, regular texting, remembering the little things, giving affirmation he values and loves me, being there for me and always willing to listen to my problems. Really the basics of a good relationships.
Reassuring me when needed. Being there when needed. 
Loving me in a way that I’ve never experienced. Ensuring that I know what my place is in their lives. 
Keeping promises. Never making me feel secondary. Prioritizing my feelings - and never making me feel like my feelings are invalid.
Puts equal energy into the relationship as I do, initiating plans and time together, not just responding to me.
consistency! my primary keeps her word and is very transparent. we don't run away from difficult conversations; no matter how hard they are. We say that we can solve everything as long as we communicate with transparency. that makes me feel pretty safe.
They show up. Everytime. Regardless of what is going on. I mean a few illness days, a few life events and reschedules as does come up in life, but they made an effort to be there whenever I need them and I them. They followed through on the promises they made when we defined the relationship. 
There is always a message in the morning and before bed regardless of our lives during the day. Loves, cherishes and makes time for me and by all appearances enjoys our time together.
Making space for check ins, making time for each other and having a policy of radical honesty.
I need my partner to show a genuine and sustained interest in knowing who I am, and I need them to be consistent in how they show up for me. That's it.
Communicating with me. Even when at work we text. Being home with me and making effort to watch movies and eat together every night.
I love being the broken record on this- they show up! They are genuinely present emotionally and logistically and motivationally.
They show up, communicate, love me and tell me so. I appreciate and love them.
Showing up and sticking to their word, mostly. Being honest even when it's an uncomfortable or painful truth.